Ground Truth: Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June .
Israel and the United States opposed the move, which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis . 
Greedy Search: the Palestinians became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday. the Palestinians signed the ICC's 
Beam Search: the Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday. the formal accession was marked with  
Top-K Sampling: the Arab nation was a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice, according to his foreign office. 
Top-P Sampling: it is a move toward a "long era of impunity and injustice," he said. It follows the official acces 

 
Ground Truth: Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car, whacked with a hammer and buried in a field .
"She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life," says Sara Mellado, who is looking for a home for Theia . 
Greedy Search: a stray dog in Washington State has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car, apparently wh 
Beam Search: buried in a field. Theia is one year old and needs surgery to help her breathe. a stray 
Top-K Sampling: survived four days into her care at the Veterinary Teaching Hospital -- where she has been being treated. Theia was struck by  
Top-P Sampling: survived with minimal injuries -- her sight was clean and mint-green. She needs medical attention and surgery to help her breathe. she is currently 

 
Ground Truth: Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister .
He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco .
The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English . 
Greedy Search: a recent tweet by a woman prompted a hero's welcome in iran. he is the foreign minister 
Beam Search: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Iran on a sunny friday morning. he 
Top-K Sampling: mohammad Javad Zarif arrived in Tehran on a sunny friday morning. he was nominated as foreign minister by 
Top-P Sampling: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Tehran on a sunny Friday morning. in september 

 
Ground Truth: 17 Americans were exposed to the Ebola virus while in Sierra Leone in March .
Another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in Maryland .
National Institutes of Health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: a 1 and to a physical to of it was one of its key components. On top a 
Top-P Sampling: cup blade a computer training online and a a one a a our 

 
Ground Truth: Student is no longer on Duke University campus and will face disciplinary review .
School officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose, Duke says .
The noose, made of rope, was discovered on campus about 2 a.m. 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of Duke University. a. Duke 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Duke University is a private college with about 1 
Top-K Sampling: .2.3.1.1.2.9 1 insurance the The University of Vermont 
Top-P Sampling: hh and iron, thisunh's coverage is essential for your health and safety. health of medical 

 
Ground Truth: College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom .
Pictures of the two during the "prom-posal" have gone viral . 
Greedy Search: he was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom. "She's great... she listens and she' 
Beam Search: Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome. "She listens and she's easy to talk to 
Top-K Sampling: Ellie Meredith had his own prom-posal last week. he's a basketball star on the eastern high school 
Top-P Sampling: his girlfriend Ellie Meredith was said to be gone from his class to the prom-posal. "She listens and 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs, but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .
Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared with 2013, but death sentences up by 28% . 
Greedy Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. on one hand, 
Beam Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. Amnesty 
Top-K Sampling: , by Amnesty International, in the annual report on the death penalty. It cites Pakistan, the United States, Venezuela 
Top-P Sampling: a threat of terrorism is using executions to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the 

 
Ground Truth: Andrew Getty's death appears to be from natural causes, police say, citing coroner's early assessment .
In a petition for a restraining order, Getty had written he had a serious medical condition.
Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time . 
Greedy Search: a coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty, a police s 
Beam Search: the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty, a police spokesman 
Top-K Sampling: officers are currently assessing whether there was foul play involved in the death. investigators don't know whether Getty was taking drugs or 
Top-P Sampling: the coroner's preliminary assessment says there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty, who appears to have died of 

 
Ground Truth: Once a super typhoon, Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
It could still cause flooding, landslides and other problems in the Philippines . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of of and of of and 
Beam Search: of of of a of a of a of a of a of a 
Top-K Sampling: of of of of health of health of a million that will allow our members to provide of health facilities 
Top-P Sampling: of countless pages on the internet. Further of of of a of a of a of 

 
Ground Truth: Bob Barker returned to host "The Price Is Right" on Wednesday .
Barker, 91, had retired as host in 2007 . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: a a a a a a a a 1 a 
Top-K Sampling: of a a,1 on our and of of and of a hundred thousand 
Top-P Sampling: back on board, asing the plane fabricizing before and after charge arrives shortly after. As described, people when we 

 
Ground Truth: London's Metropolitan Police say the man was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul .
He's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of November . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: a a a a a a a pound a pound 
Top-K Sampling: (or you), and a digitally enhanced ear. Our team and our staff was able to get their work done, so 
Top-P Sampling: icha 1glaze iron crystal palace A who has labored at the seams of a strength bar 

 
Ground Truth: "Furious 7" pays tribute to star Paul Walker, who died during filming .
Vin Diesel: "This movie is more than a movie"
"Furious 7" opens Friday . 
Greedy Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the fiery accident. Walker's character 
Beam Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" when he died in a car crash. Walker's 
Top-K Sampling: the story was revised, along with special effects. Walker died in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash near Los Angeles 
Top-P Sampling: he was also creating character death in the "Furious 7" film. Walker died during a car crash in the late 

 
Ground Truth: Museum: Anne Frank died earlier than previously believed .
Researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors .
Anne and older sister Margot Frank are believed to have died in February 1945 . 
Greedy Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial. they 
Beam Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial. they 
Top-K Sampling: researchers: mother and sister died on may 25; sisters slept on lice-ridden straw. typhus plagued the camp because of 
Top-P Sampling: research released by the Anne Frank House has shown that the sisters died months earlier than previously thought. he was living in the inmates' 

 
Ground Truth: LZ: Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights, and other states' anti-LGBT moves, bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 .
Cruz, Huckabee, Jindal, Carson, Walker are reviving culture wars, he says.  Equality for LGBT has not yet "won" in America . 
Greedy Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with headline: Mike Pence, a Koch Favorit 
Beam Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with the headline: Mike Pence, a Koch Favor 
Top-K Sampling: republican michael levy: there is no way a Republican can get through the pending primary without denying gay rights 
Top-P Sampling: gloria borger: conservative presidential contender is drawing huge fire for religious freedom bill. borger: because gays 

 
Ground Truth: Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .
Whitney Houston nailed it; Roseanne Barr destroyed it . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: aaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Top-K Sampling: is in our nation of origin and of on of the world. Special of of the world of 
Top-P Sampling: of health of science and technology of is of advanced advanced technology of of of health, news of 

 
Ground Truth: While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill, Walmart voiced its opposition .
Walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .
Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans, traditionally seen as allies . 
Greedy Search: the Republican Party will have to "be the party of Sam's Club," he said. Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom 
Beam Search: Walmart vowed to veto a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas. The law would raise the minimum wage 
Top-K Sampling: the Republican Party must "more stand for" gay rights in the heartland, Pawlenty said. "...the Republican Party will 
Top-P Sampling: broadly aware of concerns, like a veto by Arkansas governor. The bill is being considered in a number of states that 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide; much of it makes for grim reading .
Salil Shetty: Countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history . 
Greedy Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a knee-jerk reaction to 
Beam Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a knee-jerk reaction to 
Top-K Sampling: the result was an open, in-depth trial, where 55 people were found guilty of crimes linked to terrorism. Some have been 
Top-P Sampling: political leaders are applying the death penalty in a "separatism" to terrorism. But a growing trend of governments 

 
Ground Truth: Marseille prosecutor says "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" despite media reports .
Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" the video clip is real, an editor says .
Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression, airline says . 
Greedy Search: the prosecutor insisted that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation." Bild and Bild reported that a cell phone 
Beam Search: "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation," he told CNN. Bild and Bild reported that the video was recovered 
Top-K Sampling: he was not aware of any video from onboard germanwings flight 9525. Bild and Bild reported that a cell phone 
Top-P Sampling: insisted that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation." Bild and Paris Match reported a cell phone video at the 

 
Ground Truth: The Rev. Robert Schuller, 88, had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .
His TV show, "Hour of Power," was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s . 
Greedy Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. He was diagnosed with esophageal 
Beam Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. He had been diagnosed with esophage 
Top-K Sampling: passed away of esophageal cancer in August 2013. Schuller, world-renowned, had been diagnosed with esoph 
Top-P Sampling: was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013. The critics had other names for his father-in-law 

 
Ground Truth: Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz .
Bachmann said with possible Iran deal, Obama will fly "entire nation into the rocks"
Reaction on social media? She was blasted by Facebook commenters . 
Greedy Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. "With his 
Beam Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight 9525. Andrea 
Top-K Sampling: Michele Bachmann is comparing Obama to the co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525. Andreas Lubitz, among 
Top-P Sampling: was this that we saw? "your allusion is so inappropriate and divisive, not mention disrespectful on so many levels." 

 
Ground Truth: Father: "I know he went through what he went through"
Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat, which was listing and in bad shape, rescuer says .
He appears to be in good shape, physically and mentally . 
Greedy Search: a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, walking around, waving to us and in surprisingly good 
Beam Search: they saw a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, walking around, waving to us and in  
Top-K Sampling: an alert man was on the boat, waving to the crew - "he was walking around and in surprisingly good condition." When 
Top-P Sampling: the guidance of the second mate of the Houston Express arrived a week after he'd just left South Carolina to fish in the 

 
Ground Truth: Richard Klass: Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong, but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .
He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile, centrifuges, implement rigorous inspections; it should be judged on merits, not disinformation . 
Greedy Search: a new framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. 
Beam Search: the new framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.  
Top-K Sampling: the new framework achieves a strong goal to limit Iran's nuclear program. david frum: the argument that the agreement was 
Top-P Sampling: jon huntsman: u.s. and its negotiating partners reached very strong framework agreement with Iran. he says it 

 
Ground Truth: Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .
Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant .
Perhaps the only good thing is another "great" wine grape harvest last year . 
Greedy Search: drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too. agribusiness professor at agribusiness school 
Beam Search: the historic drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too. agribusiness professor at agri 
Top-K Sampling: the historic drought in southern California is driving up prices. many farmers are experimenting with new crops. "we have to prepare and build 
Top-P Sampling: the historic California drought hurts the rest of the united states too. even though food prices fell in February, overall prices are expected to rise 

 
Ground Truth: The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas, 30 .
She's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS .
Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of three women in Philadelphia. Two New York women were 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of of of three women in Philadelphia. Two New York women were 
Top-K Sampling: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 and many other activities. The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( 
Top-P Sampling: a patient free clinical trial a a clinico doctor the of health treatment health care delivery the purpose 

 
Ground Truth: Iranian sports official: The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .
But he says "families are not interested in attending" some sports matches . 
Greedy Search: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums, a top official said. The ban on women attending 
Beam Search: a plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year, a 
Top-K Sampling: "family members" will not accept entry to indoor sports events, Deputy Sports Minister Abdolhamid Ahmadi said Saturday  
Top-P Sampling: plans for "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the coming months, a senior official said 

 
Ground Truth: Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .
But where there is the restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .
From China to Malaysia, journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed . 
Greedy Search: amos Yee, a dissident blogger in Singapore, was arrested and held pending bail on sunday. five editors 
Beam Search: online activity has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. but it still brings resistance, some of it legal 
Top-K Sampling: australia's cyberwars has led discontent to post online. legal challenge is also fierce over blogger's anti-pakistani 
Top-P Sampling: two dissident bloggers in Singapore remain in jail over comments criticizing government. others, including one from mexico, also face de 

 
Ground Truth: The singer had been off the scene for a while .
She says she was bedridden for months .
Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower . 
Greedy Search: . and and and and and and and and and a number of and  
Beam Search: and and and and and and and and a a million and a million 
Top-K Sampling: of to our lives. Our health, and has of of of a of the human body, 
Top-P Sampling: . KII medical been of the UK. October 20 announced today a smaller energy it we 

 
Ground Truth: Here are six of CNN's best videos of the week .
Clips include a look at Mike Tyson's abandoned mansion . 
Greedy Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned mansion. a dramatic interview with a 
Beam Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned mansion. a dramatic interview with a 
Top-K Sampling: video of ex-boxing champ the fury 325 goes out sunday. a panelist talks about the controversial religious freedom law 
Top-P Sampling: in a CNN exclusive, former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson was called to a mansion. he says he' 

 
Ground Truth: Netanyahu says third option is "standing firm" to get a better deal .
Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran . 
Greedy Search: has criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions. "I think there's 
Beam Search: criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions, saying he sees better options than 
Top-K Sampling: has criticized the deal that six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions. "I think there' 
Top-P Sampling: this week criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions, saying he sees better 

 
Ground Truth: Indiana town's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat .
Its owners say they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding . 
Greedy Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," 
Beam Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," 
Top-K Sampling: a tweet by a user criticized Memories Pizza's ability to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. 
Top-P Sampling: the recent outburst sparked an anti-gay protest in the Indiana town of Walkerton. owners re 

 
Ground Truth: Authorities in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle .
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population, and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle .
Officials in Malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . 
Greedy Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police. residents have to give information about their animal 
Beam Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police. residents have to give information about their animal 
Top-K Sampling: local residents 'take an mugshot' of their 'cattle' to the police. Residents have also been asked to submit 
Top-P Sampling: residents need identification cards to live on land where cows live. - authorities have started a database to see where residents live 

 
Ground Truth: A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .
Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami .
An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year . 
Greedy Search: sailor Louis Jordan says he was stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months. he 
Beam Search: "all is lost" and "Life of Pi" are good movies, but in real life, it's hard to swallow it. 
Top-K Sampling: at best, people live to tell stories of being lost at sea, a human on the run. much rarer are stories in which 
Top-P Sampling: case in point comes from bystanders who had been captured, rescued, through naval disaster. says al raad  

 
Ground Truth: The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) begins again after a two-year shutdown .
The restart was delayed in March . 
Greedy Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring. The LHC generate 
Beam Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring. The LHC generate 
Top-K Sampling: it will flow for 10 hours. At near light speed, a proton makes 11,245 circuits per second. Despite ongoing 
Top-P Sampling: thanks to tests done at CERN, which makes repairs today to the vehicle installed last month. By replicating energy density and 

 
Ground Truth: FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout .
Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight . 
Greedy Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. Kevone Charleston, 36, of Austell 
Beam Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 
Top-K Sampling: two agents were injured in a crash and suspect was shot before being captured. Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of involvement 
Top-P Sampling: 2 agents and six government vehicles chased an armed robbery suspect at a CVS in Forsyth County, 

 
Ground Truth: The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view .
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will see the eclipse . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of and of of of and a 
Beam Search: of of a of a of a of a of a of a of 
Top-K Sampling: the a tum n a n a and insurance and is and and 
Top-P Sampling: 10 1 2 Square One Below the Security Service 1 1 5 and 1 2 Care The Medicine  

 
Ground Truth: Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college, killing and taking hostages .
It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating, says Stefan Wolff .
More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region, he says . 
Greedy Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya 
Beam Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya 
Top-K Sampling: nearly 1,700 have been killed in the attack. Al-Shabaab is the son of Al-Qaeda -- a 
Top-P Sampling: , claimed a summer court in eastern Kenya. al-Shabaab what was deemed the 1993 general strike was 

 
Ground Truth: Easter is a key event in the Christian faith, but where did the Easter Bunny come from?
Why is the date different every year, and what does it have to do with the moon? 
Greedy Search: the sun sank on Easter Sunday. he died on Palm Sunday and resurrected on Sunday. But the Roman 
Beam Search: Easter is surrounded by interesting quirks. Like Christmas, Easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and 
Top-K Sampling: the Lord gave him this blood-soaked day. This week, the Vatican held outdoor rallies in the Holy Land as Easter fell last week 
Top-P Sampling: the sun bounced over people in St. Peter's Square and Seattle. Easter is surrounded by some intricate events. It's 

 
Ground Truth: In response to lawsuit, NCAA says it doesn't control quality of education for student-athletes .
But its website emphasizes importance of education, "opportunities to learn"
Lawsuit claims students didn't get an education because of academic fraud at UNC . 
Greedy Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes. the lawsuit claims the students didn't 
Beam Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes. the lawsuit claims the students didn't 
Top-K Sampling: "it's nonsense. It's double talk," an academic integrity advocate says. former UNC athletes filed a lawsuit against 
Top-P Sampling: former players filed a lawsuit against the university of north carolina. the lawsuit claimed they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud 

 
Ground Truth: Judge won't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment .
Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal .
Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments . 
Greedy Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the teen is in remission after nearly six months of 
Beam Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly 
Top-K Sampling: a judge rules in favor of a mother who had her daughter's custody. the court says the girl was unable to return 
Top-P Sampling: teen, 17, was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in september. doctors warned her that without chemotherapy she would die 

 
Ground Truth: The song rules the chart for 13th week .
It passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines"
Song three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for record . 
Greedy Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single on the 2010 Billboard Hot 100. it's the 10th single in the chart 
Beam Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single of the 2010s, ruling the chart for a 13th week. it's 
Top-K Sampling: "Funk," featuring "bruno Mars," is the longest-leading single of the decade. "Funk" is one of 
Top-P Sampling: "Funk" surpasses "Blurred Lines" to be longest-leading single this decade. other hits include " 

 
Ground Truth: High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula .
The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: it was a person a number of months as of of the a of of to create 
Top-P Sampling: y health lynda line download 1 guidance the early stages and high living level 0 

 
Ground Truth: A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .
An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work .
A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses . 
Greedy Search: a federal judge ruled in a case involving a man who was a Native american with eagle feathers  
Beam Search: in 2006, a native american and his wife were found to be in possession of eagle feathers. they sued the federal 
Top-K Sampling: after the Eagle Protection Act became law, states are now adopting a religious liberty law. they offer "sufficient protections" to all 
Top-P Sampling: if you do, you're close to a religious minority. the u.s. lost a federal appeals court 

 
Ground Truth: Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd's original lineup .
His car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of 1 of 1 1 1 Bob Lewis Burns 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of 1 of..... 
Top-K Sampling: ace ace ace one ace ace ace Just about everything you need to know about 
Top-P Sampling: We suspect that more is known than most in Health a within 5 minutes available in 10 1 Personal health health 

 
Ground Truth: Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .
He's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm .
Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.-South Korean military drills . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of. a a sle 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1... Kim Ki-J 
Top-K Sampling: one of one of one of one of one of one of one of one of. South Korea' 
Top-P Sampling: one. one. one. one. one. 1 one. watch a film! one. 

 
Ground Truth: Hong Kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until May .
The 29-year-old Rurik Jutting is accused of killing two Indonesian domestic workers . 
Greedy Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks and another body hidden in a 
Beam Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks and another body hidden in a 
Top-K Sampling: a woman surrounded on the floor; officers uncovered another body hidden on the balcony. 18-year-old Ang Si 
Top-P Sampling: a body, later identified as 29-year-old Seneng Mujiasih, were found on the floor at 

 
Ground Truth: Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet .
Overhead bins, head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: a A to perform duties in today’s health care system and a He our of 1 of 
Top-P Sampling: creator to make a of a world a it of one and a half. The 

 
Ground Truth: Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .
She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets . 
Greedy Search: and and and and and and and and and and and and a number of 
Beam Search: of and of of of of of of of of and a number of things that 
Top-K Sampling: and that can work to create a a i. and one One technology is the most important 
Top-P Sampling: a lot of laughter laughter. Star one 1 of passion partnership a many many more remarkable team 

 
Ground Truth: Frida Ghitis: President Barack Obama is right to want a deal, but this one gives Iran too much .
She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon . 
Greedy Search: the United States is the more eager, even desperate, side in these talks. a nuclear deal with Iran is a worthy, 
Beam Search: he has a huge political stake in these negotiations. a nuclear deal with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal. But 
Top-K Sampling: he is an active player (an unquestioned, controversial figure). There is a significant reason for people to think that if the 
Top-P Sampling: al-Qaeda. Nearly 10 years ago, as the Democratic candidate for president, Obama finally came around to the mast of a 

 
Ground Truth: The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend .
It's worldwide debut may approach or cross $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday . 
Greedy Search: "Furious 7" is expected to make the biggest opening of 2015 to date. ''Furious 7'' is 
Beam Search: "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 
Top-K Sampling: " is a projected $25 million weekend opening worldwide this weekend. also holds $115 million last year in the United States. Production 
Top-P Sampling: a projected $495 million on Friday and a $50.8 million on Thursday and Thursday in 25 countries. that includes a projected 

 
Ground Truth: Deion Sanders calls out son for "hood doughnuts" comments .
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: a a a a a a a a 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: a of a is the atomic and of of unlocking a new key element 1 
Top-P Sampling: and as public. We will have more information shortly about exciting details to help the power availability in charge health 

 
