Ground Truth: Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June .
Israel and the United States opposed the move, which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis . 
Greedy Search: the Palestinians became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday  
Beam Search: the Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday 
Top-K Sampling: the nation is one step closer to reaching our shared goals of justice and peace, the Foreign 
Top-P Sampling: Israel's Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki said his country had moved 

 
Ground Truth: Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car, whacked with a hammer and buried in a field .
"She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life," says Sara Mellado, who is looking for a home for Theia . 
Greedy Search: a stray dog in Washington State has used up at least three of her own 
Beam Search: buried in a field. Theia is one year old and needs surgery to 
Top-K Sampling: found after a frightful brush with death by a truck in Oregon. 
Top-P Sampling: a non-smoking dog has devoted herself to her life and needs 

 
Ground Truth: Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister .
He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco .
The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English . 
Greedy Search: a recent tweet by a woman prompted a hero's welcome in  
Beam Search: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Iran on 
Top-K Sampling: the Iranian foreign minister received a warm welcome in Tehran on a sunny friday morning  
Top-P Sampling: mohammad Javad Zarif is ex-imperialist and former prisoner of 

 
Ground Truth: 17 Americans were exposed to the Ebola virus while in Sierra Leone in March .
Another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in Maryland .
National Institutes of Health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: a little bit a big a a second One more 
Top-P Sampling: flying how or what could travel up to just a 0 evolution 

 
Ground Truth: Student is no longer on Duke University campus and will face disciplinary review .
School officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose, Duke says .
The noose, made of rope, was discovered on campus about 2 a.m. 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: 2 5 cancer patients on waiting list. 2 6 cancer patients on waiting list 
Top-P Sampling: is required! a million other! a million of food! 

 
Ground Truth: College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom .
Pictures of the two during the "prom-posal" have gone viral . 
Greedy Search: he was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom. "She 
Beam Search: Ellie Meredith, a high school freshman with Down syndrome, was invited to 
Top-K Sampling: his girlfriend Ellie Meredith was already invited to her prom in his gym. 
Top-P Sampling: Ellie, a senior with Down syndrome, was originally going to take his girlfriend to 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs, but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .
Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared with 2013, but death sentences up by 28% . 
Greedy Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report 
Beam Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report 
Top-K Sampling: terrorism, too. Amnesty International report on the death penalty. 
Top-P Sampling: the threat of terrorism has helped advance executions, says the Amnesty International 

 
Ground Truth: Andrew Getty's death appears to be from natural causes, police say, citing coroner's early assessment .
In a petition for a restraining order, Getty had written he had a serious medical condition.
Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time . 
Greedy Search: a coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death 
Beam Search: the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of 
Top-K Sampling: "some medication had also been recovered from Andrew Getty's home," spokesman says 
Top-P Sampling: this is not the first time that a family member or friend has slain  

 
Ground Truth: Once a super typhoon, Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
It could still cause flooding, landslides and other problems in the Philippines . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: of of of a of a of a of  
Top-K Sampling: of of of of of of and and o 
Top-P Sampling: of of and of the world today and 11,000 one 

 
Ground Truth: Bob Barker returned to host "The Price Is Right" on Wednesday .
Barker, 91, had retired as host in 2007 . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: a a a a a a 
Top-K Sampling: while of securing the position of S-sw on, 
Top-P Sampling: 1 and 1,” and the and of lung and 

 
Ground Truth: London's Metropolitan Police say the man was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul .
He's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of November . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: a a a a a a 
Top-K Sampling: vaporized a layer of heating the surface ofing vaporized 
Top-P Sampling: on IOTAetral unfurlingenungeant to her 

 
Ground Truth: "Furious 7" pays tribute to star Paul Walker, who died during filming .
Vin Diesel: "This movie is more than a movie"
"Furious 7" opens Friday . 
Greedy Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of 
Beam Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of 
Top-K Sampling: his younger brother, Curtis and his bride, Kyle Upham, who also played 
Top-P Sampling: made body doubles. Instead, Walker is in tow to give his actor resume to 

 
Ground Truth: Museum: Anne Frank died earlier than previously believed .
Researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors .
Anne and older sister Margot Frank are believed to have died in February 1945 . 
Greedy Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the 
Beam Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the 
Top-K Sampling: forensic researchers re-examined museum archives to see whether typhus cases  
Top-P Sampling: researchers re-examined archives of the Dutch red cross, the International Training Service and 

 
Ground Truth: LZ: Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights, and other states' anti-LGBT moves, bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 .
Cruz, Huckabee, Jindal, Carson, Walker are reviving culture wars, he says.  Equality for LGBT has not yet "won" in America . 
Greedy Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with headline 
Beam Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with headline 
Top-K Sampling: sally kohn: Mike Pence is drawing widespread debate about gay marriage. 
Top-P Sampling: republican president obama could lose the 2016 primary to a liberal. 

 
Ground Truth: Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .
Whitney Houston nailed it; Roseanne Barr destroyed it . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: aaaaaaaaa 
Top-K Sampling: you ace-ios eHealth service. care 1 
Top-P Sampling: oxygen and oxygen and oxygen isa of your patients. Health safety 

 
Ground Truth: While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill, Walmart voiced its opposition .
Walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .
Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans, traditionally seen as allies . 
Greedy Search: the Republican Party will have to "be the party of Sam's Club," he 
Beam Search: Walmart slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week. 
Top-K Sampling: Walmart vowed to veto a religious freedom law, explaining its language to 
Top-P Sampling: a Republican governor with little or no patience was not allowed to veto the bill 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide; much of it makes for grim reading .
Salil Shetty: Countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history . 
Greedy Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death 
Beam Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death 
Top-K Sampling: prisoners surrounded by police and armed security. Tens of thousands more are being executed 
Top-P Sampling: four were sentenced to death in 2014. violent massacres held in Beijing are rat 

 
Ground Truth: Marseille prosecutor says "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" despite media reports .
Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" the video clip is real, an editor says .
Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression, airline says . 
Greedy Search: the prosecutor insisted that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation 
Beam Search: "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation," he told CNN  
Top-K Sampling: a source close to the investigation said they did not see the video. Bild and Bild 
Top-P Sampling: they saw nothing until the final seconds of the crash, Bild reported. Bild reported that 

 
Ground Truth: The Rev. Robert Schuller, 88, had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .
His TV show, "Hour of Power," was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s . 
Greedy Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. 
Beam Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. 
Top-K Sampling: his illness was esophageal cancer. He was 88 years old at 
Top-P Sampling: He passed away peacefully early this morning. and later, named after him 

 
Ground Truth: Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz .
Bachmann said with possible Iran deal, Obama will fly "entire nation into the rocks"
Reaction on social media? She was blasted by Facebook commenters . 
Greedy Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doo 
Beam Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doo 
Top-K Sampling: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of Germanwings 
Top-P Sampling: following her Facebook account is unethical and disrespectful. David L. Simpson writes 

 
Ground Truth: Father: "I know he went through what he went through"
Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat, which was listing and in bad shape, rescuer says .
He appears to be in good shape, physically and mentally . 
Greedy Search: a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, walking around 
Beam Search: they saw a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, 
Top-K Sampling: a man in his boat waving to them, in surprisingly good shape. 
Top-P Sampling: they saw a man on it, signaling for help. "He was walking around 

 
Ground Truth: Richard Klass: Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong, but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .
He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile, centrifuges, implement rigorous inspections; it should be judged on merits, not disinformation . 
Greedy Search: a new framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively 
Beam Search: u.s. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran 
Top-K Sampling: john avlon: new framework set to limit Iran's nuclear program  
Top-P Sampling: the united states and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran. 

 
Ground Truth: Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .
Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant .
Perhaps the only good thing is another "great" wine grape harvest last year . 
Greedy Search: drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too.  
Beam Search: the historic drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too  
Top-K Sampling: price of fruits and vegetables has been rising in annual price since 2010. soaring water 
Top-P Sampling: the historic drought hurts the rest of the union, too. experts predict consumers will pay 

 
Ground Truth: The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas, 30 .
She's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS .
Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Top-K Sampling: full all we are so pleased to work with you. We are glad to share 
Top-P Sampling: Willie Carr tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick 

 
Ground Truth: Iranian sports official: The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .
But he says "families are not interested in attending" some sports matches . 
Greedy Search: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums, a 
Beam Search: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums in the next 
Top-K Sampling: a ban on women attending sports involving men will be lifted in the next year  
Top-P Sampling: "women and families" to be allowed to enter stadiums, a senior 

 
Ground Truth: Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .
But where there is the restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .
From China to Malaysia, journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed . 
Greedy Search: amos Yee, a dissident blogger in Singapore, was arrested and held 
Beam Search: online activity has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. 
Top-K Sampling: one dissident blogger in Singapore faces up to three years in prison for allegedly defending 
Top-P Sampling: international attention was turned to the arrest of 17-year-old video blogger in Singapore. 

 
Ground Truth: The singer had been off the scene for a while .
She says she was bedridden for months .
Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower . 
Greedy Search: . and and and and and and and and 
Beam Search: and and and and and and and and and 
Top-K Sampling: will share to today. and. It began our. 
Top-P Sampling: minutes discoveries her. Home of a thousand detail about. 

 
Ground Truth: Here are six of CNN's best videos of the week .
Clips include a look at Mike Tyson's abandoned mansion . 
Greedy Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned man 
Beam Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned man 
Top-K Sampling: the first video in a series of hollywood videos features ex-boxer who lived 
Top-P Sampling: celebrities talk about free speech, religion, air time and visits to they hit new high. 

 
Ground Truth: Netanyahu says third option is "standing firm" to get a better deal .
Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran . 
Greedy Search: has criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear 
Beam Search: criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambition 
Top-K Sampling: has spoken out against the Iran nuclear deal, saying there are better options than "this bad 
Top-P Sampling: early Sunday has made many tough points against the deal the deal has a long 

 
Ground Truth: Indiana town's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat .
Its owners say they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding . 
Greedy Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their 
Beam Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their 
Top-K Sampling: pizzeria was at center of debate over state's religious freedom restoration act. owners 
Top-P Sampling: people in Walkerton, indiana, signed a petition to stop same-s 

 
Ground Truth: Authorities in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle .
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population, and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle .
Officials in Malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . 
Greedy Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police 
Beam Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police 
Top-K Sampling: residents to provide unique identification cards for cattle. has increased the requirements on identity cards for 
Top-P Sampling: residents must take a'mugshot' of their cows and submit it to 

 
Ground Truth: A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .
Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami .
An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year . 
Greedy Search: sailor Louis Jordan says he was stranded at sea for days, 
Beam Search: "all is lost" and "Life of Pi" are good movies, but in real life 
Top-K Sampling: a sailor can lose any food or drink at sea -- relying on 
Top-P Sampling: about 30 people have reported being rescued, but only about a third survive. thousands 

 
Ground Truth: The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) begins again after a two-year shutdown .
The restart was delayed in March . 
Greedy Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 
Beam Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 
Top-K Sampling: LHC beams fly 7,000 miles (2.7 billion km) per second -- the distance 
Top-P Sampling: 15 million cycles per second at near light-speed the first beams are circulating 

 
Ground Truth: FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout .
Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight . 
Greedy Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. 
Beam Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. 
Top-K Sampling: an armed robbery suspect fled the scene but officers opened fire. two 
Top-P Sampling: armed robber Kevone Charleston of Austell, Georgia was entering a 

 
Ground Truth: The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view .
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will see the eclipse . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of and 
Beam Search: of of a of a of a of a 
Top-K Sampling: today. One one insurance one one One in One in 
Top-P Sampling: of of it medical information of it of of the known or federal 

 
Ground Truth: Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college, killing and taking hostages .
It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating, says Stefan Wolff .
More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region, he says . 
Greedy Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed 
Beam Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed 
Top-K Sampling: at the Garissa University College campus, where many were killed and still more taken hostage 
Top-P Sampling: Ajay Islamic Courts Union, a radical Islamic political organization that split from 

 
Ground Truth: Easter is a key event in the Christian faith, but where did the Easter Bunny come from?
Why is the date different every year, and what does it have to do with the moon? 
Greedy Search: the sun sank on Easter Sunday. he died on Palm Sunday and  
Beam Search: Easter is surrounded by interesting quirks. Like Christmas, Easter has picked up its 
Top-K Sampling: the Sun fell on Easter. There was rain on Sunday in St. Peter's Square 
Top-P Sampling: back to the Catholic Church. Jesus was dead and came out alive in Jerusalem on Palm Sunday 

 
Ground Truth: In response to lawsuit, NCAA says it doesn't control quality of education for student-athletes .
But its website emphasizes importance of education, "opportunities to learn"
Lawsuit claims students didn't get an education because of academic fraud at UNC . 
Greedy Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes 
Beam Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes 
Top-K Sampling: the lawsuit was filed by former stars of the duke and duke baseball team. former 
Top-P Sampling: an individual or group says athletes must be admitted for an education. the "double talk" 

 
Ground Truth: Judge won't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment .
Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal .
Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments . 
Greedy Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the teen 
Beam Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the teen 
Top-K Sampling: cassandra arrived on the scene of an attempt to take the teenager to see her 
Top-P Sampling: teen is in remission after almost six months of forced chemo. attorney 

 
Ground Truth: The song rules the chart for 13th week .
It passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines"
Song three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for record . 
Greedy Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single on the 2010 Billboard Hot 100. 
Beam Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single of the 2010s. it's 
Top-K Sampling: "Funk" dethrones "Pick-up" & "The 
Top-P Sampling: "Funk" becomes the longest-leading single on the Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010 

 
Ground Truth: High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula .
The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: that are of interest to1 a uk of of A 
Top-P Sampling: food so culture potential the foundation of living Frontiersa 

 
Ground Truth: A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .
An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work .
A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses . 
Greedy Search: a federal judge ruled in a case involving a man who was a 
Beam Search: in 2006, a native american and his wife were found to be in possession of e 
Top-K Sampling: the federal government will not allow the practice of religion in states that have laws and rules that limit 
Top-P Sampling: some such states have high-stakes religious liberty laws. cases span the rich and 

 
Ground Truth: Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd's original lineup .
His car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of 1 of 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of 1 of 
Top-K Sampling: of of of of today we are pleased to announce that of several other 
Top-P Sampling: members to a tever as a, product 

 
Ground Truth: Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .
He's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm .
Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.-South Korean military drills . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: one the care home to help keep those who require dental care on dental care one 
Top-P Sampling: one of a kind site health and safety programs, as well as one 

 
Ground Truth: Hong Kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until May .
The 29-year-old Rurik Jutting is accused of killing two Indonesian domestic workers . 
Greedy Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and but 
Beam Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and but 
Top-K Sampling: a 20-year-old woman with sharp cut to her neck. The body of 
Top-P Sampling: Hong Kong police discovered a woman dead on the floor and a suitcase on the balcony 

 
Ground Truth: Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet .
Overhead bins, head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: today to it where a s. We have many important information available 
Top-P Sampling: A and services Physique en and back in of 

 
Ground Truth: Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .
She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets . 
Greedy Search: and and and and and and and and and 
Beam Search: of and of of of of of of of 
Top-K Sampling: and 1 your the... which makes up 
Top-P Sampling: our Alpha you know micro iClock and. secret 

 
Ground Truth: Frida Ghitis: President Barack Obama is right to want a deal, but this one gives Iran too much .
She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon . 
Greedy Search: the United States is the more eager, even desperate, side in these talks.  
Beam Search: he has a huge political stake in these negotiations. he has a 
Top-K Sampling: the only serious threat is Washington's nuclear program. he has a huge 
Top-P Sampling: American relations with Iran are undermined, leaving Obama's best diplomatic means empty-handed 

 
Ground Truth: The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend .
It's worldwide debut may approach or cross $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday . 
Greedy Search: "Furious 7" is expected to make the biggest opening of 2015 to date. 
Beam Search: "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a 
Top-K Sampling: an anticipated weekend opening of $58 million-$60 million. BOSTON the 
Top-P Sampling: , with a projected opening of $93.1 million. huge release for the year, 

 
Ground Truth: Deion Sanders calls out son for "hood doughnuts" comments .
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: a a a a a a 
Top-K Sampling: and and and. The details of are a number of key 
Top-P Sampling: as it means when a. M to at leuke warm 

 
