Ground Truth: Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June .
Israel and the United States opposed the move, which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis . 
Greedy Search: the Palestinians became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday  
Beam Search: the Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday 
Top-K Sampling: the transition to international law took place at the Hague on Wednesday. a move 
Top-P Sampling: it "brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace" formally 

 
Ground Truth: Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car, whacked with a hammer and buried in a field .
"She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life," says Sara Mellado, who is looking for a home for Theia . 
Greedy Search: a stray dog in Washington State has used up at least three of her own 
Beam Search: buried in a field. Theia is one year old and needs surgery to 
Top-K Sampling: 's survived an apparent mercy killing and got saved by a foster family. That 
Top-P Sampling: leaves a few behind. survived after being hit and spat in a mercy 

 
Ground Truth: Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister .
He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco .
The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English . 
Greedy Search: a recent tweet by a woman prompted a hero's welcome in  
Beam Search: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Iran on 
Top-K Sampling: there are certain things about Mohammad Javad Zarif that aren't well- 
Top-P Sampling: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Tehran on 

 
Ground Truth: 17 Americans were exposed to the Ebola virus while in Sierra Leone in March .
Another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in Maryland .
National Institutes of Health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: 1 A teas power can technology 1 1 a short 
Top-P Sampling: and A1 thaty. The beauty and and on-board 

 
Ground Truth: Student is no longer on Duke University campus and will face disciplinary review .
School officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose, Duke says .
The noose, made of rope, was discovered on campus about 2 a.m. 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: and all of and o & of the and work of 
Top-P Sampling: 20, below are two forms that matter. 10 10 twenty health care 

 
Ground Truth: College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom .
Pictures of the two during the "prom-posal" have gone viral . 
Greedy Search: he was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom. "She 
Beam Search: Ellie Meredith, a high school freshman with Down syndrome, was invited to 
Top-K Sampling: last year he called her Ellie his prom date. "I know where her friends 
Top-P Sampling: a high school freshman with Down syndrome. "She listens and she's easy 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs, but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .
Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared with 2013, but death sentences up by 28% . 
Greedy Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report 
Beam Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report 
Top-K Sampling: terrorism, 2014 outlines it.: a global movement is near 
Top-P Sampling: terrorist threats have done nothing to advance executions, the organisation alleges. At least 

 
Ground Truth: Andrew Getty's death appears to be from natural causes, police say, citing coroner's early assessment .
In a petition for a restraining order, Getty had written he had a serious medical condition.
Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time . 
Greedy Search: a coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death 
Beam Search: the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of 
Top-K Sampling: after his death in 1976, the oil baron appears to have died of natural causes, police 
Top-P Sampling: family dead after suspecting foul play in death, coroner says. he is 

 
Ground Truth: Once a super typhoon, Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
It could still cause flooding, landslides and other problems in the Philippines . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: of of of a of a of a of  
Top-K Sampling: 1 1 1 1 12 1 1 5 1 
Top-P Sampling: Cancer Hospital High quality of of of a thousand of of 

 
Ground Truth: Bob Barker returned to host "The Price Is Right" on Wednesday .
Barker, 91, had retired as host in 2007 . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: a a a a a a 
Top-K Sampling: to unto A kw a person to a 
Top-P Sampling: and MSG 18 a and NPS-tendin s 

 
Ground Truth: London's Metropolitan Police say the man was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul .
He's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of November . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: a a a a a a 
Top-K Sampling: nano in charge of making of a a a new on 
Top-P Sampling: personal doing just’s root in the person minutesen 

 
Ground Truth: "Furious 7" pays tribute to star Paul Walker, who died during filming .
Vin Diesel: "This movie is more than a movie"
"Furious 7" opens Friday . 
Greedy Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of 
Beam Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of 
Top-K Sampling: the film's final scenes became dramatic after he was killed in a car crash 
Top-P Sampling: a rewritten script and special effects were used to finish scenes. Walker' 

 
Ground Truth: Museum: Anne Frank died earlier than previously believed .
Researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors .
Anne and older sister Margot Frank are believed to have died in February 1945 . 
Greedy Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the 
Beam Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the 
Top-K Sampling: new research shows that the sisters probably died less than a month later. her death contradict 
Top-P Sampling: research published by the Anne Frank House re-examines archive documents on Anne's 

 
Ground Truth: LZ: Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights, and other states' anti-LGBT moves, bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 .
Cruz, Huckabee, Jindal, Carson, Walker are reviving culture wars, he says.  Equality for LGBT has not yet "won" in America . 
Greedy Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with headline 
Beam Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with headline 
Top-K Sampling: john avlon: what exactly was the primary debate about same-sex 
Top-P Sampling: gloria borger: the hostility of the mass murder case puts  

 
Ground Truth: Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .
Whitney Houston nailed it; Roseanne Barr destroyed it . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: aaaaaaaaa 
Top-K Sampling: yyy you are waiting for!s and is 
Top-P Sampling: and all you You Seeking Understanding the patient care process We need to 

 
Ground Truth: While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill, Walmart voiced its opposition .
Walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .
Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans, traditionally seen as allies . 
Greedy Search: the Republican Party will have to "be the party of Sam's Club," he 
Beam Search: Walmart slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week. 
Top-K Sampling: Walmart weighed in against religious freedom laws in several states in response to the bill, warning 
Top-P Sampling: most importantly, the Republican Party must "better stand for" ideas on gay rights in 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide; much of it makes for grim reading .
Salil Shetty: Countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history . 
Greedy Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death 
Beam Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death 
Top-K Sampling: hundreds of thousands of people were executed. Most recently, the US followed suit with executions 
Top-P Sampling: 55 people were found guilty and sentenced to death in an open air trial. Three were 

 
Ground Truth: Marseille prosecutor says "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" despite media reports .
Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" the video clip is real, an editor says .
Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression, airline says . 
Greedy Search: the prosecutor insisted that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation 
Beam Search: "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation," he told CNN  
Top-K Sampling: "cannot be found" in the wreckage site. "it is a very 
Top-P Sampling: authorities have yet to be able to publish the video on their websites. Bild, 

 
Ground Truth: The Rev. Robert Schuller, 88, had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .
His TV show, "Hour of Power," was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s . 
Greedy Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. 
Beam Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. 
Top-K Sampling: died died recently of esophageal cancer. He also founded crystal cathedral 
Top-P Sampling: was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013. He was 88 years 

 
Ground Truth: Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz .
Bachmann said with possible Iran deal, Obama will fly "entire nation into the rocks"
Reaction on social media? She was blasted by Facebook commenters . 
Greedy Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doo 
Beam Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doo 
Top-K Sampling: her Facebook allusion is "moronic and despicable" former congresswoman Michelle Bach 
Top-P Sampling: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doo 

 
Ground Truth: Father: "I know he went through what he went through"
Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat, which was listing and in bad shape, rescuer says .
He appears to be in good shape, physically and mentally . 
Greedy Search: a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, walking around 
Beam Search: they saw a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, 
Top-K Sampling: he was waving to his captain, he lost his sailboat to the 
Top-P Sampling: an elderly man was behind them, pointing to them. The man wasn't particularly 

 
Ground Truth: Richard Klass: Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong, but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .
He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile, centrifuges, implement rigorous inspections; it should be judged on merits, not disinformation . 
Greedy Search: a new framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively 
Beam Search: u.s. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran 
Top-K Sampling: a new framework agreement was made between the two powers that would limit Iranian nuclear program. 
Top-P Sampling: chris gardner: the recent past is no harbinger of other 

 
Ground Truth: Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .
Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant .
Perhaps the only good thing is another "great" wine grape harvest last year . 
Greedy Search: drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too.  
Beam Search: the historic drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too  
Top-K Sampling: price of produce will 'evolve' this year, she said. but overall 
Top-P Sampling: the historic California drought hurts the rest of the union, too. but the drought' 

 
Ground Truth: The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas, 30 .
She's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS .
Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Top-K Sampling: and 1 a wide variety of and single of service in the  
Top-P Sampling: yet another and account in a a a 

 
Ground Truth: Iranian sports official: The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .
But he says "families are not interested in attending" some sports matches . 
Greedy Search: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums, a 
Beam Search: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums in the next 
Top-K Sampling: a ban will be lifted for some indoor events in the coming months, Ahmadi said 
Top-P Sampling: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums. plans 

 
Ground Truth: Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .
But where there is the restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .
From China to Malaysia, journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed . 
Greedy Search: amos Yee, a dissident blogger in Singapore, was arrested and held 
Beam Search: online activity has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. 
Top-K Sampling: online activism hasn't just gotten better in the 50s and 60s. 
Top-P Sampling: blogger arrests, defamation cases in overseas europe have prompted many to search 

 
Ground Truth: The singer had been off the scene for a while .
She says she was bedridden for months .
Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower . 
Greedy Search: . and and and and and and and and 
Beam Search: and and and and and and and and and 
Top-K Sampling: of essential. We have we believe can contribute significantly to. Today at our 
Top-P Sampling: complex changes our to enlarge the today. We want to share 

 
Ground Truth: Here are six of CNN's best videos of the week .
Clips include a look at Mike Tyson's abandoned mansion . 
Greedy Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned man 
Beam Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned man 
Top-K Sampling: in a new cnn video, a former heavyweight boxer finds himself 
Top-P Sampling: a series of videos examine the death of worshippers at their mansions.  

 
Ground Truth: Netanyahu says third option is "standing firm" to get a better deal .
Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran . 
Greedy Search: has criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear 
Beam Search: criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambition 
Top-K Sampling: on Sunday's "State of the Union" has spoken to lawmakers both 
Top-P Sampling: on Sunday criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iranian nuclear ambition 

 
Ground Truth: Indiana town's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat .
Its owners say they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding . 
Greedy Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their 
Beam Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their 
Top-K Sampling: a gay couple's wedding amounted to "the wedding of my fiance' 
Top-P Sampling: new law will require businesses to abide by religious laws, officials say. memoirs pizza 

 
Ground Truth: Authorities in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle .
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population, and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle .
Officials in Malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . 
Greedy Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police 
Beam Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police 
Top-K Sampling: residents cattle. the state banned cow slaughter. Cattle are also required for identification 
Top-P Sampling: police are requiring residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and 

 
Ground Truth: A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .
Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami .
An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year . 
Greedy Search: sailor Louis Jordan says he was stranded at sea for days, 
Beam Search: "all is lost" and "Life of Pi" are good movies, but in real life 
Top-K Sampling: more than a dozen people have been rescued at sea in recent weeks. despite 
Top-P Sampling: a sailor went down while on the water in mid-january and 

 
Ground Truth: The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) begins again after a two-year shutdown .
The restart was delayed in March . 
Greedy Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 
Beam Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 
Top-K Sampling: the first beams of material are visible from the LHC (CNN) at 17 
Top-P Sampling: the tallest particle accelerator in the world, the Large Hadron Collider. It 

 
Ground Truth: FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout .
Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight . 
Greedy Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. 
Beam Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. 
Top-K Sampling: two agents were injured and the suspect was shot then captured, according to authorities. agents 
Top-P Sampling: a 36-year-old armed robbery suspect attacked a CV 

 
Ground Truth: The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view .
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will see the eclipse . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of and 
Beam Search: of of a of a of a of a 
Top-K Sampling: and will change charge charge charge and charge and risk charge and 
Top-P Sampling: Prezzo Short Hospital Hospitalundundantundantundant and 

 
Ground Truth: Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college, killing and taking hostages .
It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating, says Stefan Wolff .
More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region, he says . 
Greedy Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed 
Beam Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed 
Top-K Sampling: more have been taken hostage. affiliated is Al-Ittihad al 
Top-P Sampling: and more are being held hostage. its main source of strength lies in al- 

 
Ground Truth: Easter is a key event in the Christian faith, but where did the Easter Bunny come from?
Why is the date different every year, and what does it have to do with the moon? 
Greedy Search: the sun sank on Easter Sunday. he died on Palm Sunday and  
Beam Search: Easter is surrounded by interesting quirks. Like Christmas, Easter has picked up its 
Top-K Sampling: Easter was once again made a celebration of religious milestones. Thousands of children were 
Top-P Sampling: the crucifixion and resurrection. April 8-11 has the same names but with 

 
Ground Truth: In response to lawsuit, NCAA says it doesn't control quality of education for student-athletes .
But its website emphasizes importance of education, "opportunities to learn"
Lawsuit claims students didn't get an education because of academic fraud at UNC . 
Greedy Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes 
Beam Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes 
Top-K Sampling: the NCAA is making a very different statement from its previous position. it is responding to 
Top-P Sampling: the NCAA defends a lawsuit by former students after allegations they were misinformed. 

 
Ground Truth: Judge won't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment .
Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal .
Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments . 
Greedy Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the teen 
Beam Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the teen 
Top-K Sampling: "we are disappointed in this ruling," her attorney says. a juvenile court judge issued 
Top-P Sampling: a judge denies her request to stay with her mother. he also denies 

 
Ground Truth: The song rules the chart for 13th week .
It passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines"
Song three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for record . 
Greedy Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single on the 2010 Billboard Hot 100. 
Beam Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single of the 2010s. it's 
Top-K Sampling: at a 15-week high, "Funk" is ranked as the longest- 
Top-P Sampling: bobby jindal's "Funk" has already topped the 

 
Ground Truth: High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula .
The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: an atom 1 to make has we about 1 is the first 
Top-P Sampling: to unseen before....wards hidden the power 

 
Ground Truth: A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .
An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work .
A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses . 
Greedy Search: a federal judge ruled in a case involving a man who was a 
Beam Search: in 2006, a native american and his wife were found to be in possession of e 
Top-K Sampling: a judge struck down two federal and state laws banning religious freedom. the states were 
Top-P Sampling: state RFRAs at state and federal levels bring legal controversies. in 

 
Ground Truth: Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd's original lineup .
His car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of 1 of 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of 1 of 
Top-K Sampling: you promise you promise health family and today. We look forward to hearing 
Top-P Sampling: unknown a computer. A Facebook messenger has created Twitter soon after some debut and 

 
Ground Truth: Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .
He's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm .
Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.-South Korean military drills . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: 1 1 1 to 1 11 1 1 and 1A 
Top-P Sampling: of the of of the of the NICRIP, as of 

 
Ground Truth: Hong Kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until May .
The 29-year-old Rurik Jutting is accused of killing two Indonesian domestic workers . 
Greedy Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and but 
Beam Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and but 
Top-K Sampling: Hong Kong police went to the apartment on the morning of November 1. They found  
Top-P Sampling: Hong Kong police responded to the apartment on a Saturday morning last November. There, 

 
Ground Truth: Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet .
Overhead bins, head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: . We to to a our system will be in and 
Top-P Sampling: ss and notes to us. Wes 1 our.4 

 
Ground Truth: Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .
She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets . 
Greedy Search: and and and and and and and and and 
Beam Search: of and of of of of of of of 
Top-K Sampling: of the power and it and is and and is 
Top-P Sampling: waiting a billion is birthday Today gives details of of we 

 
Ground Truth: Frida Ghitis: President Barack Obama is right to want a deal, but this one gives Iran too much .
She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon . 
Greedy Search: the United States is the more eager, even desperate, side in these talks.  
Beam Search: he has a huge political stake in these negotiations. he has a 
Top-K Sampling: it took him 18 years to reach a deal with Iran.. Obama has  
Top-P Sampling: Syria and other Arab countries will seek to try to build up support for nuclear weapons if 

 
Ground Truth: The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend .
It's worldwide debut may approach or cross $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday . 
Greedy Search: "Furious 7" is expected to make the biggest opening of 2015 to date. 
Beam Search: "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a 
Top-K Sampling: a potential Friday gross of $37 million—$28 million, up more than $5 
Top-P Sampling: live, in 2,029 theaters in 54 territories on Friday and Thursday. CENT 

 
Ground Truth: Deion Sanders calls out son for "hood doughnuts" comments .
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a 
Beam Search: a a a a a a 
Top-K Sampling: physical and and building and1 -1 - 1 
Top-P Sampling: - building - without to of. Food security1. 

 
