Ground Truth: Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June .
Israel and the United States opposed the move, which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis . 
Greedy Search: the Palestinians became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday. the Palestinians signed the ICC's 
Beam Search: the Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on Wednesday. the formal accession was marked with  
Top-K Sampling: it was a sign of greater justice and peace. Palestinians formally became 123rd member of ICC on Wednesday. 
Top-P Sampling: it became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday. Palestine also became a member in January.  

 
Ground Truth: Theia, a bully breed mix, was apparently hit by a car, whacked with a hammer and buried in a field .
"She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life," says Sara Mellado, who is looking for a home for Theia . 
Greedy Search: a stray dog in Washington State has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car, apparently wh 
Beam Search: buried in a field. Theia is one year old and needs surgery to help her breathe. a stray 
Top-K Sampling: had been buried in a field after being apparently killed by a truck. She suffered a dislocated jaw and bite 
Top-P Sampling: a dog was buried in a field after apparently being killed by a car. Theia was buried in the 

 
Ground Truth: Mohammad Javad Zarif has spent more time with John Kerry than any other foreign minister .
He once participated in a takeover of the Iranian Consulate in San Francisco .
The Iranian foreign minister tweets in English . 
Greedy Search: a recent tweet by a woman prompted a hero's welcome in iran. he is the foreign minister 
Beam Search: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Iran on a sunny friday morning. he 
Top-K Sampling: mohammad Javad Zarif arrived in Iran this week. he has served as the foreign minister. he is also  
Top-P Sampling: "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as he arrived in Iran on a sunny friday morning. in the 

 
Ground Truth: 17 Americans were exposed to the Ebola virus while in Sierra Leone in March .
Another person was diagnosed with the disease and taken to hospital in Maryland .
National Institutes of Health says the patient is in fair condition after weeks of treatment . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: a a a number of1. Vital1 has been released in the form of a powder in 
Top-P Sampling: our before n n n n n n A L3-l 

 
Ground Truth: Student is no longer on Duke University campus and will face disciplinary review .
School officials identified student during investigation and the person admitted to hanging the noose, Duke says .
The noose, made of rope, was discovered on campus about 2 a.m. 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of Duke University. a. Duke 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Duke University is a private college with about 1 
Top-K Sampling: 1 2 2 2 a 2, 3 1 2 1 Duke has had multiple hate events on 
Top-P Sampling: -. 3. 2. 4. - 5 of our members. 4 - 11 miles 

 
Ground Truth: College-bound basketball star asks girl with Down syndrome to high school prom .
Pictures of the two during the "prom-posal" have gone viral . 
Greedy Search: he was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom. "She's great... she listens and she' 
Beam Search: Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome. "She listens and she's easy to talk to 
Top-K Sampling: he chose his girlfriend instead after they met at their local high school on a local basketball team. "She's great... 
Top-P Sampling: Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome. "She's great... she listens and she' 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty's annual death penalty report catalogs encouraging signs, but setbacks in numbers of those sentenced to death .
Organization claims that governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions .
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared with 2013, but death sentences up by 28% . 
Greedy Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. on one hand, 
Beam Search: terrorism to advance executions, Amnesty International alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. Amnesty 
Top-K Sampling: the threat of terrorism may be used to advance executions, the report alleges in its annual report on the death penalty. At least 
Top-P Sampling: terror threats to advance executions, Amnesty International says in its annual report on the death penalty. Amnesty says the 

 
Ground Truth: Andrew Getty's death appears to be from natural causes, police say, citing coroner's early assessment .
In a petition for a restraining order, Getty had written he had a serious medical condition.
Police say this is not a criminal matter at this time . 
Greedy Search: a coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty, a police s 
Beam Search: the coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty, a police spokesman 
Top-K Sampling: a relative reported that their son, george, 87, had "a severe medical condition" "my health issues place me in 
Top-P Sampling: police: there was no foul play involved in the death of Andrew Getty. family: "this isn't a real death 

 
Ground Truth: Once a super typhoon, Maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
It could still cause flooding, landslides and other problems in the Philippines . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of of and of of and 
Beam Search: of of of a of a of a of a of a of a 
Top-K Sampling: of the of of of of a growing number of medical devices and deductible insurance coverage of the 
Top-P Sampling: a a one 1 1 1 1 1 a a topic 1 an excellent 

 
Ground Truth: Bob Barker returned to host "The Price Is Right" on Wednesday .
Barker, 91, had retired as host in 2007 . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: a a a a a a a a 1 a 
Top-K Sampling: and a row a a a to assist in his recovery. When we create this, we’d be 
Top-P Sampling: of a to of real estate as a of to as of A - On a 

 
Ground Truth: London's Metropolitan Police say the man was arrested at Luton airport after landing on a flight from Istanbul .
He's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of November . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: a a a a a a a pound a pound 
Top-K Sampling: a. Iron a a full and to a a hundund-million 
Top-P Sampling: and when 1 we're the d as a to stretch out to uns and and 

 
Ground Truth: "Furious 7" pays tribute to star Paul Walker, who died during filming .
Vin Diesel: "This movie is more than a movie"
"Furious 7" opens Friday . 
Greedy Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the fiery accident. Walker's character 
Beam Search: he was on break from filming "Furious 7" when he died in a car crash. Walker's 
Top-K Sampling: as the climax of "Furious 7" was rewritten and special effects used, completing scenes that Walker had " 
Top-P Sampling: the film's last credits are scheduled to be released on Friday. Several scenes will resonate with the audience as the film continues to 

 
Ground Truth: Museum: Anne Frank died earlier than previously believed .
Researchers re-examined archives and testimonies of survivors .
Anne and older sister Margot Frank are believed to have died in February 1945 . 
Greedy Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial. they 
Beam Search: researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial. they 
Top-K Sampling: new research by the Anne Frank House shows that her older sister, Margot, died earlier than previously thought. at 17 years old, she spent 
Top-P Sampling: researchers found that Anne Frank and her older sister, margot, died a month earlier than previously thought. the sisters were separated from their 

 
Ground Truth: LZ: Indiana law pushing back LGBT rights, and other states' anti-LGBT moves, bow to far right wing that GOP candidates need for 2016 .
Cruz, Huckabee, Jindal, Carson, Walker are reviving culture wars, he says.  Equality for LGBT has not yet "won" in America . 
Greedy Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with headline: Mike Pence, a Koch Favorit 
Beam Search: john avlon: a year ago, a Bloomberg story with the headline: Mike Pence, a Koch Favor 
Top-K Sampling: julian zelizer: the president's speech made some conservatives question him. he says the bill would allow discrimination 
Top-P Sampling: julian zelizer: many viewed as single-issue voters, putting issue on running list. but he says debate 

 
Ground Truth: Singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .
Whitney Houston nailed it; Roseanne Barr destroyed it . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of of of of of of 
Beam Search: aaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Top-K Sampling: we are here today to provide that you are in good health with you home health insurance insurance and of we can provide of 
Top-P Sampling: of of of of of of of of of of the new technology new is. The 

 
Ground Truth: While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill, Walmart voiced its opposition .
Walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .
Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans, traditionally seen as allies . 
Greedy Search: the Republican Party will have to "be the party of Sam's Club," he said. Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom 
Beam Search: Walmart vowed to veto a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas. The law would raise the minimum wage 
Top-K Sampling: Walmart voted to reject a bill that would increase wages for 500,000 people. But the opposition from Walmart puts the company at odds 
Top-P Sampling: much like Trump's. outlawing the law. Ultimately, it became the most unpopular bill in the country this week 

 
Ground Truth: Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide; much of it makes for grim reading .
Salil Shetty: Countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history . 
Greedy Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a knee-jerk reaction to 
Beam Search: a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a knee-jerk reaction to 
Top-K Sampling: in the trend that was almost evident last year. Sadly, a trend with other cities falling into the same category in 2014 
Top-P Sampling: mass sentencing was in China's "Strike Hard" campaign against unrest in Xinjiang region. Instead 

 
Ground Truth: Marseille prosecutor says "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation" despite media reports .
Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "very confident" the video clip is real, an editor says .
Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression, airline says . 
Greedy Search: the prosecutor insisted that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation." Bild and Bild reported that a cell phone 
Beam Search: "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation," he told CNN. Bild and Bild reported that the video was recovered 
Top-K Sampling: germanwings flight 9525 crashed in the french Alps on march 9. all 150 people on board were killed and 50 injured  
Top-P Sampling: that "so far no videos were used in the crash investigation," he told CNN. Bild and Bild both reported that the video 

 
Ground Truth: The Rev. Robert Schuller, 88, had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .
His TV show, "Hour of Power," was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s . 
Greedy Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. He was diagnosed with esophageal 
Beam Search: died peacefully early this morning, his family said. He was 88 years old. He had been diagnosed with esophage 
Top-K Sampling: had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013. "He was a great Dad and a great man of God 
Top-P Sampling: had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013. He had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer 

 
Ground Truth: Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz .
Bachmann said with possible Iran deal, Obama will fly "entire nation into the rocks"
Reaction on social media? She was blasted by Facebook commenters . 
Greedy Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. "With his 
Beam Search: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight 9525. Andrea 
Top-K Sampling: Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. She wrote in  
Top-P Sampling: "Michele Bachmann "the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight" was described as a "de 

 
Ground Truth: Father: "I know he went through what he went through"
Louis Jordan was found on his sailboat, which was listing and in bad shape, rescuer says .
He appears to be in good shape, physically and mentally . 
Greedy Search: a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, walking around, waving to us and in surprisingly good 
Beam Search: they saw a man on it, signaling for help. "He was moving, walking around, waving to us and in  
Top-K Sampling: the man was waving to them and in surprisingly good condition. "It was so slow. It moved so slowly," the 
Top-P Sampling: they spotted a man on it, signaling for help. He was 'walking around' and in good condition. 

 
Ground Truth: Richard Klass: Iran framework agreement on nukes is strong, but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .
He says the deal would cut uranium stockpile, centrifuges, implement rigorous inspections; it should be judged on merits, not disinformation . 
Greedy Search: a new framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. 
Beam Search: the new framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program in such a way as to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon.  
Top-K Sampling: some in congress think the negotiations were "about stopping nuclear weapons" the new framework agreement on deal will limit iran's nuclear program  
Top-P Sampling: john avlon: a new agreement limits Iran's nuclear program. he says it will be more likely to 

 
Ground Truth: Americans paid more for some fruits and vegetables last year because of the drought .
Tourists will now have to ask for a glass of water at a California restaurant .
Perhaps the only good thing is another "great" wine grape harvest last year . 
Greedy Search: drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too. agribusiness professor at agribusiness school 
Beam Search: the historic drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too. agribusiness professor at agri 
Top-K Sampling: drought in los angeles has an impact across the u.s. and beyond. farmers' labor costs are expected to rise, 
Top-P Sampling: the historic drought in the most populous state hurts the rest of the union, too. agribusiness professor at Arizona state university 

 
Ground Truth: The FBI cites social media messages sent by Keonna Thomas, 30 .
She's accused of trying to travel overseas to join ISIS .
Thomas is one of three women facing federal terror charges this week . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of three women in Philadelphia. Two New York women were 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of of of three women in Philadelphia. Two New York women were 
Top-K Sampling: one care one one one 0 one life is a one first priority, one family. 
Top-P Sampling: of of of of interest of of of of service of our staff, Philadelphia. in the 

 
Ground Truth: Iranian sports official: The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .
But he says "families are not interested in attending" some sports matches . 
Greedy Search: "women and families" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums, a top official said. The ban on women attending 
Beam Search: a plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year, a 
Top-K Sampling: "women and family" will be allowed to enter sports stadiums, the official said. The government says the ban will be 
Top-P Sampling: "women and families" to enter sports stadiums, a top official said. but it's not clear exactly which 

 
Ground Truth: Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .
But where there is the restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .
From China to Malaysia, journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed . 
Greedy Search: amos Yee, a dissident blogger in Singapore, was arrested and held pending bail on sunday. five editors 
Beam Search: online activity has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. but it still brings resistance, some of it legal 
Top-K Sampling: dissident bloggers are coming to take the lead from the cnn-asia scene. libel charges 
Top-P Sampling: libel cases in some countries are more severe than those in the rest of the world. there is no single law requiring  

 
Ground Truth: The singer had been off the scene for a while .
She says she was bedridden for months .
Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower . 
Greedy Search: . and and and and and and and and and a number of and  
Beam Search: and and and and and and and and a a million and a million 
Top-K Sampling: and a is a is of interest because we can a complex complex. and it and and 
Top-P Sampling: revolution 1 the world capabilities our a and we were able to discover new health.1 

 
Ground Truth: Here are six of CNN's best videos of the week .
Clips include a look at Mike Tyson's abandoned mansion . 
Greedy Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned mansion. a dramatic interview with a 
Beam Search: a trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned mansion. a dramatic interview with a 
Top-K Sampling: a woman who witnessed the final seconds of Germanwings flight 9525 crashes this week. magician and comedian Penn Jillette 
Top-P Sampling: "it's going to hit the mountain," says a shepherd who witnessed the crash. "the world has never been a better 

 
Ground Truth: Netanyahu says third option is "standing firm" to get a better deal .
Political sparring continues in U.S. over the deal with Iran . 
Greedy Search: has criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions. "I think there's 
Beam Search: criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions, saying he sees better options than 
Top-K Sampling: said that there's a third alternative -- stand firm and ratchet up the pressure until you get a better deal  
Top-P Sampling: says there's a third alternative to "this bad deal or war." Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the Iran nuclear deal  

 
Ground Truth: Indiana town's Memories Pizza is shut down after online threat .
Its owners say they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding . 
Greedy Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," 
Beam Search: "if a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," 
Top-K Sampling: new law aims to allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. new law could threaten businesses if people wanted them 
Top-P Sampling: "you don't like your religious bigotry. No." a group tweets. the restaurant is shut down and police are 

 
Ground Truth: Authorities in the Indian city of Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle .
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population, and many parts of the country have laws banning the slaughter of cattle .
Officials in Malegaon believe this is the best way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law . 
Greedy Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police. residents have to give information about their animal 
Beam Search: residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to police. residents have to give information about their animal 
Top-K Sampling: residents to produce identity cards for their livestock Malegaon stricter laws against cow slaughter after states banned consuming and selling beef. 
Top-P Sampling: cattle as a badge of identification. This follows a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef in the state of 

 
Ground Truth: A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .
Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami .
An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year . 
Greedy Search: sailor Louis Jordan says he was stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months. he 
Beam Search: "all is lost" and "Life of Pi" are good movies, but in real life, it's hard to swallow it. 
Top-K Sampling: not an isolated human life can be covered by movie stars. one man says he lost everything on his sailboat in the open ocean  
Top-P Sampling: sailors are not always rescued in the movies, as the reports tell. many end up dead at sea, in the 

 
Ground Truth: The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) begins again after a two-year shutdown .
The restart was delayed in March . 
Greedy Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring. The LHC generate 
Beam Search: the first beams are circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring. The LHC generate 
Top-K Sampling: on Sunday nearly seven weeks after it began construction. It's the largest particle accelerator and the world's largest physics experiment 
Top-P Sampling: , orbiting for more than 10 billion kilometers.'s large ring has started spinning again after two years of shutdown. The 

 
Ground Truth: FBI agents and a suspected serial robber exchange gunfire in an FBI stakeout .
Two FBI agents are injured and the suspect is shot during the gunfight . 
Greedy Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. Kevone Charleston, 36, of Austell 
Beam Search: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 
Top-K Sampling: Kevone Charleston is suspected of 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013. a tussle broke out 
Top-P Sampling: two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 

 
Ground Truth: The total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view .
Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will see the eclipse . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of and of of of and a 
Beam Search: of of a of a of a of a of a of a of 
Top-K Sampling: of of of of cancer ins of of of of Ayala of of a 
Top-P Sampling: and for high A r insurance a a a a a a 

 
Ground Truth: Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college, killing and taking hostages .
It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating, says Stefan Wolff .
More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region, he says . 
Greedy Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya 
Beam Search: many more have been taken hostage. Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya 
Top-K Sampling: more than 500 are still missing from the college. the massacre at the Garissa University College in eastern Kenya claims nearly one hundred lives. 
Top-P Sampling: dozens more have been killed. al-Shabaab is a radical Islamist group based in Somalia. 

 
Ground Truth: Easter is a key event in the Christian faith, but where did the Easter Bunny come from?
Why is the date different every year, and what does it have to do with the moon? 
Greedy Search: the sun sank on Easter Sunday. he died on Palm Sunday and resurrected on Sunday. But the Roman 
Beam Search: Easter is surrounded by interesting quirks. Like Christmas, Easter has picked up its peripheral trappings -- the bunny and 
Top-K Sampling: people were at stake.. he tells the world to do so right in those in need in an address held by 
Top-P Sampling: at, death and resurrection. More rain and rain poured on worshipers as they gathered in a gray St. Peter' 

 
Ground Truth: In response to lawsuit, NCAA says it doesn't control quality of education for student-athletes .
But its website emphasizes importance of education, "opportunities to learn"
Lawsuit claims students didn't get an education because of academic fraud at UNC . 
Greedy Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes. the lawsuit claims the students didn't 
Beam Search: the NCAA is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former athletes. the lawsuit claims the students didn't 
Top-K Sampling: student-athletes at former University of North Carolina were sued over fraud. they claimed the college "did not assume a duty" 
Top-P Sampling: former students from unison say they were harmed by fraud allegations. the lawsuit says they didn't get an education because they 

 
Ground Truth: Judge won't allow teen leave hospital before her last chemotherapy treatment .
Attorneys for the teen are deciding whether to appeal .
Cassandra C. is now in remission and is no longer opposed to the chemotherapy treatments . 
Greedy Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the teen is in remission after nearly six months of 
Beam Search: a judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. the 17-year-old is in remission after nearly 
Top-K Sampling: cassandra had been ordered to return home for temporary treatment in case. teen who was forced to undergo chemotherapy with chem 
Top-P Sampling: a Connecticut judge denied a motion to let the teen go home. her lawyer says the court is "disappointed in this 

 
Ground Truth: The song rules the chart for 13th week .
It passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines"
Song three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for record . 
Greedy Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single on the 2010 Billboard Hot 100. it's the 10th single in the chart 
Beam Search: "Funk" is the longest-leading single of the 2010s, ruling the chart for a 13th week. it's 
Top-K Sampling: "Funk" is the longest-leading single on the 2010s list. the single surpasses "Blurred Lines 
Top-P Sampling: "Funk" becomes the longest-leading single of the 2010s. it is also just the 10th single in the charts' entire 

 
Ground Truth: High temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula .
The World Meteorological Organization will make the final determination . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: a a and a common a a our a today. our medicines 
Top-P Sampling: and capabilities - digitally and our A unlock - A 1 1 1 United 

 
Ground Truth: A Native American from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .
An IRS accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic Sikh knife to work .
A group of Chicago pastors takes on City Hall over its permits for new churches and loses . 
Greedy Search: a federal judge ruled in a case involving a man who was a Native american with eagle feathers  
Beam Search: in 2006, a native american and his wife were found to be in possession of eagle feathers. they sued the federal 
Top-K Sampling: the aclu and the federal government fought over how the eagles were held up. some lawmakers say the federal law 
Top-P Sampling: a dissenter, a retired actuary, was shot in the back in 2006. his family was sued by the 

 
Ground Truth: Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was part of Lynyrd Skynyrd's original lineup .
His car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnight . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of 1 of 1 1 1 Bob Lewis Burns 
Beam Search: of of of of of of of 1 of..... 
Top-K Sampling: the of of of a of a of a of 1 1 00:05 
Top-P Sampling: potential cancer and of 1 a and health 1 5 1 Dates for 2012 and 2017 are 

 
Ground Truth: Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder and assaulting a foreign envoy .
He's accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in the face and arm .
Police said Kim opposed the joint U.S.-South Korean military drills . 
Greedy Search: of of of of of of of of of. a a sle 
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1... Kim Ki-J 
Top-K Sampling: of of of a million medical. of of a million medical items. of and all medical facilities 
Top-P Sampling: of the of of the of the of of the of the of the of the. high 

 
Ground Truth: Hong Kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until May .
The 29-year-old Rurik Jutting is accused of killing two Indonesian domestic workers . 
Greedy Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks and another body hidden in a 
Beam Search: Hong Kong police found a woman lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks and another body hidden in a 
Top-K Sampling: witnesses. Police then reopened the apartment the next morning after two men approached the scene. Authorities were called to the apartment for  
Top-P Sampling: a man, 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting, charged with two counts of murder. on Friday,  

 
Ground Truth: Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet .
Overhead bins, head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network . 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: to to Henriette of and of and before in1 and of of 
Top-P Sampling: and 1 a where A of health and of. We have the ability to develop and evaluate 

 
Ground Truth: Manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .
She says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets . 
Greedy Search: and and and and and and and and and and and and a number of 
Beam Search: of and of of of of of of of of and a number of things that 
Top-K Sampling: and in and ofs 1 dp and 1 I we are one thing' 
Top-P Sampling: ., and health and services and one, technology and services. It is known that and and 

 
Ground Truth: Frida Ghitis: President Barack Obama is right to want a deal, but this one gives Iran too much .
She says the framework agreement starts lifting Iran sanctions much too soon . 
Greedy Search: the United States is the more eager, even desperate, side in these talks. a nuclear deal with Iran is a worthy, 
Beam Search: he has a huge political stake in these negotiations. a nuclear deal with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal. But 
Top-K Sampling: Iran has never even considered nuclear weapons and without it: He feels like he is doing something brilliant, and pursuing this plan fails 
Top-P Sampling: even political ramifications, a lesson that has happened in the Middle East. But it's a long way 

 
Ground Truth: The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend .
It's worldwide debut may approach or cross $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday . 
Greedy Search: "Furious 7" is expected to make the biggest opening of 2015 to date. ''Furious 7'' is 
Beam Search: "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 
Top-K Sampling: ? "Furious 7" has nearly two-time record-breaking revenues. That includes $58 million to $60 million on 
Top-P Sampling: " earns a record-breaking $60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching $300 million by the end of 

 
Ground Truth: Deion Sanders calls out son for "hood doughnuts" comments .
"You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" 
Greedy Search: a a a a a a a a a  
Beam Search: a a a a a a a a 1 1 
Top-K Sampling: . In fact, even without the of of digital of of has to our of and of today 
Top-P Sampling: . and flaws and vapor and our family of members have a lot to share. and 1 

 
